Update service catalog overview (#22227)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_catalog/_index.md

- Datadog Service Catalog includes all discovered services from APM, USM, and RUM by default. If you are using any of these products, your catalog is pre-populated with entries.
- As you instrument more applications across your environments, they are automatically added to the Service Catalog.

#### Dependencies mapping and management 

> - Document and track all of your upstream and downstream dependencies automatically via application telemetries collected via APM, USM, and RUM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Document and track all of your upstream and downstream dependencies automatically with application telemetries collected by APM, USM, and RUM.
```

> - Manually declare dependencies relationship across components (available through [metadata schema v3.0][8].

Reviewer: Is this correct?
```suggestion
- Manually declare dependency relationships across components (available through [metadata schema v3.0][8].
```
